Introduction to ASP.NETbrowser application can run locally , on intranet as well as on internet.
Active server pages for .NET.
Wwe need to buy domain name like sowmyamukund.com from netfirms.com as well as webspace where we can store our dlls and stuff.
This is generally bought for a year.
once we buy a domain name which means its registered and reserved for a year.
.net is a acronym it does not have an  expansion.
.net framewprk is summation of mobile applications,windows applications maybe thats why it is a called a net(in the sense of net total).
IIS is the server used with ASP.NET.
ADS: Application development server is used when server and client is all present in a single system.
IIS is used when the server is a different machine and several clients are there across the internet.
active server pages because the page is at the server/compiled at the server and sent to the client browser.
login.aspx contains the ui(design)
login.aspx.cs contains the event handler.
.csproj -->contains info about the proj.
.sln stores info about projects when opened with notepad we can see it.If opened with msvisualstudio we get the entire solution.
htmltemplates.com

framework(set of namespaces)

4.0 visual studio 2010
4.5 visual studion 2012
linq features, stored procedures ,entity framework are there in 2012.

stored procedures : where pgm is written in database and stored and executed from the client.

web->asp.net empty web application


solution explorer->add item->web form
select page->browse with->select the browser here->set as default (if you want it to run in this browser always).
always copy the image into the project folder dont just give absolute path it may not run in other machines.
f5 moves the control from one breakpoint to the other.
when there are many pages we need to right click on a page and select 'set as start page'.
if we want to control a hyperlink based on c# code based on a logic then asp.net should be used else plain html hyperlink is enough.
type text selc hyperlick(globe button on right hand top corner)
place a hyperlink from the left list(toolbox) on the screen then right click on it and select view code and write the logic in page_load.
www.google.co.in/search?q=mysore+dinner+best+places----> q is the query string.

page_load is a event which gets executed as soon as the page is loaded
if we have to write the content of a notepad to a page then we need to use the response buit-in object to write.
This built-in object has diff functions.One among them is Response.Write("specify the text to write on screen")
copy the file in a folder called resources.
file.readalltext(Server.MapPath("resources/
content.replace("wicket",

<p id="txt" runat="Server"></p> --->written in source
in page_load write txt.innertext = "messge sent". 

txt

9471A1 
0862A1